# Project Description

When people think of social media, most of them will say: Facebook. When people think of networking, most of them will say: LinkedIn. How about places to share the cool development project you made for INFO 340 (Client-Side Development)? Our target audience will be _developers who want to showcase a portfolio containing their work_. Rather than creating a professional, formal application like _LinkedIn_, we aspire to create a social media platform similar to _Instagram_ and _DevPost_ where developers can post their development projects and share it to the world.

In the collegiate sense, we want to help college students to show off their development projects to other students, strangers, and even recruiters with our _DevDeck_! Our college student stakeholders can also use our platform to advertise their brilliant ideas, promote their programming skills, and ultimately nurture their professional development. Our users can also discover projects and topics from posts of people they follow which may inspire them to create more unique projects.

As college students and developers ourselves, we noticed that there were not any mainstream platforms to show off projects and portfolios other than _Reddit_ subreddits. With our application, we want to build interest into development projects around the world in the same fashion that social media does and give our users the ability to attract collaborators and potential sponsors through their project posts. Every day, a new idea is created and _does not get the exposure it deserves._ 

**So play your cards right with DevDeck, and show the world your winning hand.**